I just like you.
Want to chase you
Looked at me and thought I didn't know
How did you chase
He was courting behind Gu Nanfeng's butt
Now turn around and tell me you like me
Hey
I have liked you for a long time
As long as you are my boyfriend
Even half a year
I can borrow money from you to save your mother
You still don't pay it back?
It's up to you, okay?
OK
I promise up to half a year
He is about to be found by his wealthy grandfather
Before that
I used this oil head to help him and gain a good impression
It should be useful
I write to you
This might be my only chance to save my mom
As for caution
He just thought of some new trick
It doesn't matter to me
As long as I can save my mother
I can play with him
I can transfer it to you.
I think the care will definitely cost more in the future
So I turned around a little bit.
Let me know if you encounter difficulties in the future
I'm your girlfriend now
I won't sit idly by
Then if I encounter any difficulties
You'll take care of me too, right?
Uh-huh.
Then you work first, and I'll go first.
I'll come to see Auntie another day. Bye